[Music]
[Applause]
someone there we get this out all right
introducing axel the latest in military
protection featuring facial recognition
on board webbing systems and owner
pairing capabilities it's paired now the
Cade get some control of the entire
project you want to play all right let's
go
I want to show you something hello
listen talk to it yeah stay sugar boy
do you serve everything I say somebody
spent a lot of money on them they gotta
village and forum I don't think it's
owner deserves to get them back
I need to know what it's doing it's
evolving way beyond expectation that's
my dog I want it back
watch the drugs
come on he needs our help
what you should do is turn it in it's
not finders keepers you got to stay down
all right
it's a robot an intelligent robot he
feels things
sending you the new location move in for
retrieval
so me
[Music]
order this together
you